index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "TrackMe+ - Your complete health and medication tracking solution"
permalink: /
---

# TrackMe+ Documentation
{: .fs-9 }

Your complete guide to tracking medications, supplements, and health data.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

[Get Started]({% link quick-start.md %}){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }
[Go to App](https://trackmeplus.com){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

---

## What is TrackMe+?

TrackMe+ is a comprehensive web application for tracking your medications, peptides, supplements, and related health data. Born from peptide tracking, built for everything.

### Key Features

- **Medication Management** - Track all your medications, peptides, and supplements with customizable dosing schedules
- **Dose Logging** - Log doses with one click from your daily schedule
- **Unit Calculator** - Automatic syringe unit calculations for injectable medications
- **Dose Timer** - Timer to properly space doses with audio alerts
- **Lab Results** - Track biomarkers over time with AI-powered import from photos
- **Weight Tracking** - Monitor weight trends with visual charts
- **Budget Tracking** - Monitor your medication spending and costs
- **Doctor Printout** - Professional patient health summary for your healthcare provider
- **OCR Import** - Snap a photo of lab results and let AI extract the values

### Quick Links

| Section | Description |
|:--------|:------------|
| [Quick Start]({% link quick-start.md %}) | Get up and running in 5 minutes |
| [User Manual]({% link user-manual.md %}) | Complete feature documentation |
| [FAQ]({% link faq.md %}) | Frequently asked questions |

---

## Need Help?

- **Email**: [support@trackmeplus.com](mailto:support@trackmeplus.com)
- **In-App**: Settings → Support → Report an Issue

---

## Legal

| Document | Description |
|:---------|:------------|
| [Terms of Service]({% link terms-of-service.md %}) | Rules and conditions for using the service |
| [Privacy Policy]({% link privacy-policy.md %}) | How we collect, use, and protect your data |
| [Medical Disclaimer]({% link medical-disclaimer.md %}) | Important health and liability information |

---

## Scheduled Maintenance

Routine maintenance is performed during low-usage periods:
- **Primary Window:** Sundays, 10:00 PM - 11:00 PM Central Time

We will notify users in advance of any extended maintenance.

---

*TrackMe+ v2.61.1*

Commit message:

docs: update homepage to v2.88.6 with new features
- Added: Supplies Tracking, Vial Grouping, Blood Pressure, Receipt Scanning, Vendor Management
- Updated version from v2.61.1 to v2.88.6

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "TrackMe+ - Your complete health and medication tracking solution"
permalink: /
---

# TrackMe+ Documentation
{: .fs-9 }

Your complete guide to tracking medications, supplements, and health data.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

[Get Started]({% link quick-start.md %}){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }
[Go to App](https://trackmeplus.com){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

---

## What is TrackMe+?

TrackMe+ is a comprehensive web application for tracking your medications, peptides, supplements, and related health data. Born from peptide tracking, built for everything.

### Key Features

- **Medication Management** - Track all your medications, peptides, and supplements with customizable dosing schedules
- **Dose Logging** - Log doses with one click from your daily schedule
- **Unit Calculator** - Automatic syringe unit calculations for injectable medications
- **Dose Timer** - Timer to properly space doses with audio alerts
- **Supplies Tracking** - Track syringes, needles, BAC water, and other supplies with low-stock alerts
- **Vial Grouping** - Group multiple vials of the same compound for unified inventory tracking
- **Lab Results** - Track biomarkers over time with AI-powered import from photos
- **Blood Pressure** - Monitor BP trends with systolic/diastolic charts
- **Weight Tracking** - Monitor weight trends with visual charts
- **Budget Tracking** - Monitor your medication spending and costs
- **Receipt Scanning** - Import purchases by snapping a photo of receipts or invoices
- **Vendor Management** - Keep track of where you buy medications and supplies
- **Doctor Printout** - Professional patient health summary for your healthcare provider
- **OCR Import** - Snap a photo of lab results and let AI extract the values

### Quick Links

| Section | Description |
|:--------|:------------|
| [Quick Start]({% link quick-start.md %}) | Get up and running in 5 minutes |
| [User Manual]({% link user-manual.md %}) | Complete feature documentation |
| [FAQ]({% link faq.md %}) | Frequently asked questions |

---

## Need Help?

- **Email**: [support@trackmeplus.com](mailto:support@trackmeplus.com)
- **In-App**: Settings → Support → Report an Issue

---

## Legal

| Document | Description |
|:---------|:------------|
| [Terms of Service]({% link terms-of-service.md %}) | Rules and conditions for using the service |
| [Privacy Policy]({% link privacy-policy.md %}) | How we collect, use, and protect your data |
| [Medical Disclaimer]({% link medical-disclaimer.md %}) | Important health and liability information |

---

## Scheduled Maintenance

Routine maintenance is performed during low-usage periods:
- **Primary Window:** Sundays, 10:00 PM - 11:00 PM Central Time

We will notify users in advance of any extended maintenance.

---

*TrackMe+ v2.88.6*
