privacy-policy.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Privacy Policy
nav_order: 7
---

# Privacy Policy

**Effective Date:** December 1, 2025  
**Last Updated:** December 1, 2025

Hamilton's Web ("we," "us," or "our") operates Peptide Tracker ("Service"). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.

---

## 1. Information We Collect

### 1.1 Account Information
- Email address
- Password (encrypted)
- Name (optional)

### 1.2 Health and Tracking Data
- Compound/supplement information you enter
- Dosing schedules and logs
- Lab results you upload or enter
- Vendor and purchase information
- Notes and custom fields

### 1.3 Usage Data
- Login timestamps
- Feature usage patterns
- Browser type and device information
- IP address (for security purposes)

### 1.4 Payment Information
- Billing address
- Payment method details (processed securely through Stripe; we do not store full card numbers)

---

## 2. How We Use Your Information

### 2.1 To Provide the Service
- Store and display your tracking data
- Calculate dosing estimates and inventory
- Send password reset emails
- Process subscription payments

### 2.2 To Improve the Service
- Analyze usage patterns to improve features
- Identify and fix bugs
- Develop new features

### 2.3 To Communicate With You
- Service announcements and updates
- Maintenance notifications
- Subscription and billing information
- Respond to support requests

---

## 3. Information We Do NOT Do

We do NOT:
- Sell your personal or health data to third parties
- Share your data with advertisers
- Use your health data for marketing purposes
- Access your data except for support purposes (with your permission)

---

## 4. Data Storage and Security

### 4.1 Storage Location
Your data is stored on secure servers in the United States.

### 4.2 Security Measures
We implement reasonable security measures including:
- Encryption of data in transit (HTTPS/TLS)
- Encrypted password storage
- Regular security updates
- Access controls and authentication

### 4.3 No Absolute Guarantee
While we strive to protect your data, no method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee absolute security.

---

## 5. Data Retention

### 5.1 Active Accounts
We retain your data for as long as your account is active.

### 5.2 Deleted Accounts
When you delete your account:
- Your personal data is deleted within 30 days
- Anonymized usage data may be retained for analytics
- Backups are purged according to our backup rotation schedule

### 5.3 Legal Requirements
We may retain data longer if required by law or to protect our legal rights.

---

## 6. Your Rights

### 6.1 Access Your Data
You can access all your data through the Service at any time.

### 6.2 Export Your Data
You can export your data using the built-in export features.

### 6.3 Correct Your Data
You can edit or correct any data you have entered.

### 6.4 Delete Your Data
You can delete individual records or your entire account.

### 6.5 Data Portability
Your exported data is provided in standard formats (CSV, JSON) for portability.

---

## 7. Third-Party Services

### 7.1 Payment Processing
We use Stripe for payment processing. Your payment information is subject to [Stripe's Privacy Policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).

### 7.2 Email Services
We use third-party email services for transactional emails (password resets, notifications).

### 7.3 Hosting
Our Service is hosted on secure cloud infrastructure.

---

## 8. Cookies and Tracking

### 8.1 Essential Cookies
We use cookies to:
- Maintain your login session
- Remember your preferences

### 8.2 No Advertising Cookies
We do not use advertising or tracking cookies from third parties.

---

## 9. Children's Privacy

The Service is not intended for users under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 18.

---

## 10. International Users

If you access the Service from outside the United States, your data will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Service, you consent to this transfer.

---

## 11. Changes to This Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of material changes via email or in-app notification.

---

## 12. Contact Us

For questions about this Privacy Policy or your data, contact us at:
- **Email:** privacy@peptidetracker.com
- **Website:** [https://peptides.hamiltonsweb.com](https://peptides.hamiltonsweb.com)

---

## 13. California Privacy Rights (CCPA)

If you are a California resident, you have the right to:
- Know what personal information we collect
- Request deletion of your personal information
- Opt-out of the sale of personal information (we do not sell your data)

To exercise these rights, contact us at privacy@peptidetracker.com.

---

## 14. European Privacy Rights (GDPR)

If you are in the European Union, you have additional rights including:
- Right to access
- Right to rectification
- Right to erasure
- Right to restrict processing
- Right to data portability
- Right to object

To exercise these rights, contact us at privacy@peptidetracker.com.

Commit message:

Update Terms and Privacy Policy - NexHam LLC, account sharing language v2.61.1

privacy-policy.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Privacy Policy
nav_order: 7
---

# Privacy Policy

**Effective Date:** December 1, 2025
**Last Updated:** January 21, 2026

NexHam LLC ("we," "us," or "our") operates TrackMe+ ("Service"). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.

---

## 1. Information We Collect

### 1.1 Account Information
- Email address
- Password (encrypted)
- Name (optional)

### 1.2 Health and Tracking Data
- Compound/supplement information you enter
- Dosing schedules and logs
- Lab results you upload or enter
- Vendor and purchase information
- Notes and custom fields

### 1.3 Usage Data
- Login timestamps
- Feature usage patterns
- Browser type and device information
- IP address (for security purposes)

### 1.4 Payment Information
- Billing address
- Payment method details (processed securely through Stripe; we do not store full card numbers)

---

## 2. How We Use Your Information

### 2.1 To Provide the Service
- Store and display your tracking data
- Calculate dosing estimates and inventory
- Send password reset emails
- Process subscription payments

### 2.2 To Improve the Service
- Analyze usage patterns to improve features
- Identify and fix bugs
- Develop new features

### 2.3 To Communicate With You
- Service announcements and updates
- Maintenance notifications
- Subscription and billing information
- Respond to support requests

---

## 3. Information We Do NOT Do

We do NOT:
- Sell your personal or health data to third parties
- Share your data with advertisers
- Use your health data for marketing purposes
- Access your data except for support purposes (with your permission)

---

## 4. Data Storage and Security

### 4.1 Storage Location
Your data is stored on secure servers in the United States.

### 4.2 Security Measures
We implement reasonable security measures including:
- Encryption of data in transit (HTTPS/TLS)
- Encrypted password storage
- Regular security updates
- Access controls and authentication

### 4.3 No Absolute Guarantee
While we strive to protect your data, no method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee absolute security.

---

## 5. Data Retention

### 5.1 Active Accounts
We retain your data for as long as your account is active.

### 5.2 Deleted Accounts
When you delete your account:
- Your personal data is deleted within 30 days
- Anonymized usage data may be retained for analytics
- Backups are purged according to our backup rotation schedule

### 5.3 Legal Requirements
We may retain data longer if required by law or to protect our legal rights.

---

## 6. Your Rights

### 6.1 Access Your Data
You can access all your data through the Service at any time.

### 6.2 Export Your Data
You can export your data using the built-in export features.

### 6.3 Correct Your Data
You can edit or correct any data you have entered.

### 6.4 Delete Your Data
You can delete individual records or your entire account.

### 6.5 Data Portability
Your exported data is provided in standard formats (CSV, JSON) for portability.

---

## Account Access Requests

We take your privacy seriously. We will NOT provide access to your account or data to:
- Family members or friends (without your explicit authorization)
- Employers or insurance companies
- Marketing companies or data brokers

We may disclose account information only:
- With your explicit written consent
- In response to valid legal process (subpoena, court order)
- To protect the safety of users or others
- To protect our legal rights

If you receive a request for your data, we recommend consulting with a legal professional.

---

## 7. Third-Party Services

### 7.1 Payment Processing
We use Stripe for payment processing. Your payment information is subject to [Stripe's Privacy Policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).

### 7.2 Email Services
We use third-party email services for transactional emails (password resets, notifications).

### 7.3 Hosting
Our Service is hosted on secure cloud infrastructure.

---

## 8. Cookies and Tracking

### 8.1 Essential Cookies
We use cookies to:
- Maintain your login session
- Remember your preferences

### 8.2 No Advertising Cookies
We do not use advertising or tracking cookies from third parties.

---

## 9. Children's Privacy

The Service is not intended for users under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 18.

---

## 10. International Users

If you access the Service from outside the United States, your data will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Service, you consent to this transfer.

---

## 11. Changes to This Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of material changes via email or in-app notification.

---

## 12. Contact Us

For questions about this Privacy Policy or your data, contact us at:
- **Email:** privacy@trackmeplus.com
- **Website:** [https://trackmeplus.com](https://trackmeplus.com)

---

## 13. California Privacy Rights (CCPA)

If you are a California resident, you have the right to:
- Know what personal information we collect
- Request deletion of your personal information
- Opt-out of the sale of personal information (we do not sell your data)

To exercise these rights, contact us at privacy@trackmeplus.com.

---

## 14. European Privacy Rights (GDPR)

If you are in the European Union, you have additional rights including:
- Right to access
- Right to rectification
- Right to erasure
- Right to restrict processing
- Right to data portability
- Right to object

To exercise these rights, contact us at privacy@trackmeplus.com.
