quick-start.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Quick Start
nav_order: 2
---

# Quick Start Guide
{: .fs-9 }

Get up and running in under 5 minutes!
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

---

## Step 1: Create Your Account
{: .d-inline-block }

1 minute
{: .label .label-green }

1. Go to [trackmeplus.com](https://trackmeplus.com)
2. Click **Sign Up**
3. Enter your name, email, and password
4. Click **Create Account**

You're now logged in!

---

## Step 2: Add Your First Medication
{: .d-inline-block }

2 minutes
{: .label .label-green }

1. Click **Medications** in the navigation
2. Click **Add Medication**
3. Fill in the basics:

| Field | Example |
|:------|:--------|
| Name | Semaglutide |
| Type | Vial |
| Status | Active |
| Dose Amount | 0.5 |
| Dose Unit | mg |
| Frequency | Weekly |
| Time of Day | 09:00 |

{:style="counter-reset:step-counter 3"}
4. Click **Save Medication**

Your medication is now tracking!

---

## Step 3: Log Your First Dose
{: .d-inline-block }

1 minute
{: .label .label-green }

### Option A - From Dashboard (Easiest)
1. Click **Dashboard**
2. Find your medication in "Today's Schedule"
3. Check the **Done** box

### Option B - Manual Entry
1. Click **Doses**
2. Click **Add Dose**
3. Select medication, enter date/time/amount
4. Click **Save Dose**

---

## Step 4: View Your Schedule
{: .d-inline-block }

30 seconds
{: .label .label-green }

1. Click **Dashboard**
2. See "Today's Schedule" widget
3. Use the date picker to view other days
4. Click **Print** or **Email** to share

---

## You're All Set! 🎉

### What's Next?

- **Add more medications** as needed
- **Log doses daily** to build your history
- **Track lab results** to monitor progress
- **Use the dose timer** to space injections

---

## Quick Tips
{: .text-purple-300 }

| Tip | Description |
|:----|:------------|
| ✅ Quick logging | Check boxes in Today's Schedule to instantly log doses |
| ⏱️ Persistent timer | The dose timer continues even if you close your browser |
| 🔔 Notifications | Enable browser notifications for timer alerts |
| 📧 Share schedule | Use Print or Email buttons to share with others |

---

## Unit Calculation Reference

For injectable vials, TrackMe+ automatically calculates syringe units:

```
Units = (Dose mg ÷ (Vial mg ÷ BAC water mL)) × 100
```

**Example:** 0.5mg dose from a 10mg vial reconstituted with 2mL BAC water:
```
Units = (0.5 ÷ (10 ÷ 2)) × 100 = 10 units
```

---

[Full User Manual]({% link user-manual.md %}){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }
[Back to Home]({% link index.md %}){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

Commit message:

v2.88.6: Updated User Manual and Quick Start Guide - Fresh friendly format, mobile PWA instructions, current feature set

quick-start.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Quick Start
nav_order: 2
---

# Quick Start Guide
{: .fs-9 }

Get up and running in under 5 minutes!
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

---

## Step 1: Create Your Account
{: .d-inline-block }

1 minute
{: .label .label-green }

1. Go to [trackmeplus.com](https://trackmeplus.com)
2. Click **Sign Up**
3. Enter your name, email, and password
4. Click **Create Account**

You're now logged in!

---

## Step 2: Add Your First Medication
{: .d-inline-block }

2 minutes
{: .label .label-green }

1. Click **Medications** in the navigation
2. Click **Add Medication**
3. Fill in the basics:

| Field | Example |
|:------|:--------|
| Name | Semaglutide |
| Type | Vial |
| Status | Active |
| Dose Amount | 0.5 |
| Dose Unit | mg |
| Frequency | Weekly |
| Time of Day | 09:00 |

{:style="counter-reset:step-counter 3"}
4. Click **Save Medication**

Your medication is now tracking!

---

## Step 3: Log Your First Dose
{: .d-inline-block }

1 minute
{: .label .label-green }

### Option A - From Dashboard (Easiest)
1. Click **Dashboard**
2. Find your medication in "Today's Schedule"
3. Check the **Done** box

### Option B - Manual Entry
1. Click **Doses**
2. Click **Add Dose**
3. Select medication, enter date/time/amount
4. Click **Save Dose**

---

## Step 4: View Your Schedule
{: .d-inline-block }

30 seconds
{: .label .label-green }

1. Click **Dashboard**
2. See "Today's Schedule" widget
3. Use the date picker to view other days
4. Click **Print** or **Email** to share

---

## You're All Set! 🎉

### What's Next?

- **Add more medications** as needed
- **Log doses daily** to build your history
- **Track lab results** to monitor progress
- **Use the dose timer** to space injections

---

## Quick Tips
{: .text-purple-300 }

| Tip | Description |
|:----|:------------|
| ✅ Quick logging | Check boxes in Today's Schedule to instantly log doses |
| ⏱️ Persistent timer | The dose timer continues even if you close your browser |
| 🔔 Notifications | Enable browser notifications for timer alerts |
| 📧 Share schedule | Use Print or Email buttons to share with others |

---

## Unit Calculation Reference

For injectable vials, TrackMe+ automatically calculates syringe units:

```
Units = (Dose mg ÷ (Vial mg ÷ BAC water mL)) × 100
```

**Example:** 0.5mg dose from a 10mg vial reconstituted with 2mL BAC water:
```
Units = (0.5 ÷ (10 ÷ 2)) × 100 = 10 units
```

---

## Mobile App
{: .d-inline-block }

Install on your phone!
{: .label .label-purple }

TrackMe+ works great on your phone as a Progressive Web App:

### iPhone/iPad
1. Open Safari, go to trackmeplus.com
2. Log in
3. Tap the **Share** button (square with arrow)
4. Tap **Add to Home Screen**
5. Tap **Add**

### Android
1. Open Chrome, go to trackmeplus.com
2. Log in
3. Tap the **three dots** menu
4. Tap **Add to Home screen**

Now you have an app icon on your home screen!

---

*Updated: January 2026 | v2.88.6*

[Full User Manual]({% link user-manual.md %}){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }
[Back to Home]({% link index.md %}){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }
