terms-of-service.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Terms of Service
nav_order: 6
---

# Terms of Service

**Effective Date:** December 1, 2025  
**Last Updated:** December 1, 2025

Welcome to Peptide Tracker ("Service"), operated by Hamilton's Web ("we," "us," or "our"). By creating an account or using our Service, you agree to these Terms of Service ("Terms").

**If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service.**

---

## 1. Service Description

Peptide Tracker is a personal health and supplement tracking application that allows users to:
- Log and track peptides, supplements, and related compounds
- Record dosing schedules and history
- Store lab results
- Calculate inventory and dosing estimates

**The Service is a tracking tool only. It does not provide medical advice, diagnoses, or treatment recommendations.**

---

## 2. Medical Disclaimer

### 2.1 Not Medical Advice

THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE. All information, content, and features are provided for informational and personal tracking purposes only.

### 2.2 Consult Healthcare Providers

Before starting, modifying, or discontinuing any peptide, supplement, or medication regimen, you MUST consult with a qualified healthcare provider. Do not rely on this Service as a substitute for professional medical advice.

### 2.3 Dosing Calculations

The Service provides dosing calculations and estimates as a convenience feature. **YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR:**
- Verifying all calculations before administration
- Confirming dosing information with your healthcare provider
- Understanding the compounds you are using
- Ensuring accuracy of data you enter into the Service

### 2.4 No Liability for Health Outcomes

We are not responsible for any health outcomes, adverse reactions, or consequences resulting from:
- Use of information from the Service
- Reliance on dosing calculations or estimates
- Decisions made based on data in the Service
- Errors in user-entered data

---

## 3. User Responsibilities

### 3.1 Account Security

You are responsible for:
- Maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials
- All activity that occurs under your account
- Notifying us immediately of unauthorized access

### 3.2 Accurate Information

You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information when using the Service. The quality of calculations and tracking depends entirely on the accuracy of data you enter.

### 3.3 Lawful Use

You agree to use the Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction.

### 3.4 Data Backup

While we maintain backups of Service data, **you are encouraged to regularly export your data**. We are not responsible for data loss.

---

## 4. Subscription and Billing

### 4.1 Plans

The Service offers multiple subscription tiers (Free, Standard, Premium) with varying features and limits.

### 4.2 Billing

Paid subscriptions are billed monthly or annually as selected. You authorize us to charge your payment method for all fees incurred.

### 4.3 Cancellation

You may cancel your subscription at any time. Cancellation takes effect at the end of the current billing period. No refunds are provided for partial periods.

### 4.4 Price Changes

We reserve the right to change pricing with 30 days notice to existing subscribers.

---

## 5. Service Availability

### 5.1 No Guarantee of Uptime

While we strive to maintain high availability, we do not guarantee uninterrupted access to the Service. The Service is provided "as is" and "as available."

### 5.2 Scheduled Maintenance

Routine maintenance is typically performed during low-usage periods:
- **Primary Window:** Sundays, 10:00 PM - 11:00 PM Central Time
- **Secondary Window:** As needed with advance notice when possible

### 5.3 Emergency Maintenance

We reserve the right to perform emergency maintenance at any time without prior notice to address security issues, critical bugs, or infrastructure problems.

### 5.4 Service Modifications

We may modify, suspend, or discontinue any part of the Service at any time. We will provide reasonable notice for significant changes.

---

## 6. Data and Privacy

### 6.1 Your Data

You retain ownership of all data you enter into the Service. We do not sell your personal or health data to third parties.

### 6.2 Data Storage

Your data is stored on secure servers. We implement reasonable security measures but cannot guarantee absolute security.

### 6.3 Data Export

You may export your data at any time through the Service's export features.

### 6.4 Privacy Policy

Our collection and use of personal information is governed by our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy).

---

## 7. Limitation of Liability

### 7.1 Disclaimer of Warranties

THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

### 7.2 Limitation of Damages

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR:
- Any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages
- Loss of profits, data, or goodwill
- Health outcomes or medical decisions
- Service interruptions or data loss

### 7.3 Maximum Liability

OUR TOTAL LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SERVICE IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM.

---

## 8. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Hamilton's Web, its officers, directors, employees, and agents from any claims, damages, losses, or expenses arising from:
- Your use of the Service
- Your violation of these Terms
- Your violation of any third-party rights

---

## 9. Account Termination

### 9.1 By You

You may delete your account at any time through the Service settings.

### 9.2 By Us

We reserve the right to suspend or terminate accounts that:
- Violate these Terms
- Engage in fraudulent or illegal activity
- Abuse the Service or its infrastructure

### 9.3 Effect of Termination

Upon termination, your right to use the Service ceases immediately. We may delete your data after a reasonable retention period.

---

## 10. Changes to Terms

We may update these Terms at any time. Material changes will be communicated via email or in-app notification. Continued use after changes constitutes acceptance.

---

## 11. Governing Law

These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, United States, without regard to conflict of law principles.

---

## 12. Contact

For questions about these Terms, contact us at:
- **Email:** support@peptidetracker.com
- **Website:** [https://peptides.hamiltonsweb.com](https://peptides.hamiltonsweb.com)

---

**By creating an account, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.**

Commit message:

Update Terms and Privacy Policy - NexHam LLC, account sharing language v2.61.1

terms-of-service.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Terms of Service
nav_order: 6
---

# Terms of Service

**Effective Date:** December 1, 2025
**Last Updated:** January 21, 2026

Welcome to TrackMe+ ("Service"), operated by NexHam LLC ("we," "us," or "our"). By creating an account or using our Service, you agree to these Terms of Service ("Terms").

**If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service.**

---

## 1. Service Description

TrackMe+ is a personal health and medication tracking application that allows users to:
- Log and track peptides, supplements, and related compounds
- Record dosing schedules and history
- Store lab results
- Calculate inventory and dosing estimates

**The Service is a tracking tool only. It does not provide medical advice, diagnoses, or treatment recommendations.**

---

## 2. Medical Disclaimer

### 2.1 Not Medical Advice

THE SERVICE IS NOT INTENDED TO PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE. All information, content, and features are provided for informational and personal tracking purposes only.

### 2.2 Consult Healthcare Providers

Before starting, modifying, or discontinuing any peptide, supplement, or medication regimen, you MUST consult with a qualified healthcare provider. Do not rely on this Service as a substitute for professional medical advice.

### 2.3 Dosing Calculations

The Service provides dosing calculations and estimates as a convenience feature. **YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR:**
- Verifying all calculations before administration
- Confirming dosing information with your healthcare provider
- Understanding the compounds you are using
- Ensuring accuracy of data you enter into the Service

### 2.4 No Liability for Health Outcomes

We are not responsible for any health outcomes, adverse reactions, or consequences resulting from:
- Use of information from the Service
- Reliance on dosing calculations or estimates
- Decisions made based on data in the Service
- Errors in user-entered data

---

## 3. User Responsibilities

### 3.1 Account Security

You are responsible for:
- Maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials
- All activity that occurs under your account
- Notifying us immediately of unauthorized access

### 3.2 Accurate Information

You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information when using the Service. The quality of calculations and tracking depends entirely on the accuracy of data you enter.

### 3.3 Lawful Use

You agree to use the Service only for lawful purposes and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations in your jurisdiction.

### 3.4 Data Backup

While we maintain backups of Service data, **you are encouraged to regularly export your data**. We are not responsible for data loss.

### 3.5 Account Sharing and Access

**Your account is personal to you.** You may choose to share your login credentials with trusted individuals (such as family members or caregivers) at your own discretion and risk.

**IMPORTANT:**
- **We will NEVER provide account access to any third party**, including family members, caregivers, law enforcement, or legal representatives, without proper legal process (e.g., valid court order).
- If you share your credentials with others, YOU are responsible for all actions taken on your account.
- We cannot recover, reset, or grant access to accounts on behalf of anyone other than the verified account holder.
- In the event of incapacitation or death, account access is governed by applicable laws and requires proper legal documentation.

**Recommendation:** If you want someone to have access to your health information in an emergency, consider using the Emergency Share feature (when available) or export your data regularly and store it securely.

---

## 4. Subscription and Billing

### 4.1 Plans

The Service offers multiple subscription tiers (Free, Standard, Premium) with varying features and limits.

### 4.2 Billing

Paid subscriptions are billed monthly or annually as selected. You authorize us to charge your payment method for all fees incurred.

### 4.3 Cancellation

You may cancel your subscription at any time. Cancellation takes effect at the end of the current billing period. No refunds are provided for partial periods.

### 4.4 Price Changes

We reserve the right to change pricing with 30 days notice to existing subscribers.

---

## 5. Service Availability

### 5.1 No Guarantee of Uptime

While we strive to maintain high availability, we do not guarantee uninterrupted access to the Service. The Service is provided "as is" and "as available."

### 5.2 Scheduled Maintenance

Routine maintenance is typically performed during low-usage periods:
- **Primary Window:** Sundays, 10:00 PM - 11:00 PM Central Time
- **Secondary Window:** As needed with advance notice when possible

### 5.3 Emergency Maintenance

We reserve the right to perform emergency maintenance at any time without prior notice to address security issues, critical bugs, or infrastructure problems.

### 5.4 Service Modifications

We may modify, suspend, or discontinue any part of the Service at any time. We will provide reasonable notice for significant changes.

---

## 6. Data and Privacy

### 6.1 Your Data

You retain ownership of all data you enter into the Service. We do not sell your personal or health data to third parties.

### 6.2 Data Storage

Your data is stored on secure servers. We implement reasonable security measures but cannot guarantee absolute security.

### 6.3 Data Export

You may export your data at any time through the Service's export features.

### 6.4 Privacy Policy

Our collection and use of personal information is governed by our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy).

---

## 7. Limitation of Liability

### 7.1 Disclaimer of Warranties

THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

### 7.2 Limitation of Damages

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR:
- Any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages
- Loss of profits, data, or goodwill
- Health outcomes or medical decisions
- Service interruptions or data loss

### 7.3 Maximum Liability

OUR TOTAL LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE SERVICE IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM.

---

## 8. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless NexHam LLC, its officers, directors, employees, and agents from any claims, damages, losses, or expenses arising from:
- Your use of the Service
- Your violation of these Terms
- Your violation of any third-party rights

---

## 9. Account Termination

### 9.1 By You

You may delete your account at any time through the Service settings.

### 9.2 By Us

We reserve the right to suspend or terminate accounts that:
- Violate these Terms
- Engage in fraudulent or illegal activity
- Abuse the Service or its infrastructure

### 9.3 Effect of Termination

Upon termination, your right to use the Service ceases immediately. We may delete your data after a reasonable retention period.

---

## 10. Changes to Terms

We may update these Terms at any time. Material changes will be communicated via email or in-app notification. Continued use after changes constitutes acceptance.

---

## 11. Governing Law

These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, United States, without regard to conflict of law principles.

---

## 12. Contact

For questions about these Terms, contact us at:
- **Email:** support@trackmeplus.com
- **Website:** [https://trackmeplus.com](https://trackmeplus.com)

---

**By creating an account, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.**
